If such immunity had been fed to you,
my broader family would have beenckept down.
When she is in such mutiny,
she would rather usère her parents proud rather than being praised.
If the family of a nurse in the village
Alas! Please register a marriage license with thegun partner of a heir of a couple.
Let's discuss it.
Let's discuss...
We'll nine it...
God must have done it.
Capacitated, cruelly corrupt.
O bracelets!
Coincidental!
I've been innocent,
just my son!
We should provide him with a rest.
However, I think that'd be hard for you two to studies together
besides Yes 워,
a钱, for example.
You business people.
How could you evenهم事,
how could it end up with your love of my baby?
Good Lord!
It'd be difficult to live.
Oy-oh!
My daughter is
so cute.
I am so touched by her.
When she queremos, She is always pretty.
It's sad.
I'm sorry.
I was just being strange.
Because this is a folded notebook,
that will be 어떡pt운
me
Thank you for watching!